Bradley / Joseph - replit tb
Tue, Dec 2, 2025

0:00 - Bradley Foreman
you Hello. Hello. Hey, Seth.

2:39 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Hi, Bradley.

2:39 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
What's up?

2:45 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Checking up on the step three, the retainers part.

2:52 - Bradley Foreman
Oh, sorry. Just start over for me. What do you think?

2:56 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
I'm sorry. I'm checking on the retainers. There's a bit here in your course that the cadence part that you mentioned last time.

3:09 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. Yeah. Silence. Silence. Hey, can you hear me? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Um, okay. Yeah, I'm, I'm listening. Uh, what were you saying?

4:15 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Uh, I wanted to get your opinion on this on how I can get the cadence part correctly because I'm working on the report thing as an example. Uh, yeah, there we go. Okay. So for reporting, I tested this at 100 I mean, but the days only reaches up to seven days, but under it, there are like month one, month two, team dives, et cetera. Not sure why that is.

4:57 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. Yeah. The month, the month part is, probably can work in the sense that uh, like we were talking about a lot of the Well, pretty much all the pms will you know? Separate um retainers more or less by the month um Specifically, uh, what the heck is this? Hold on one second. Oh my gosh. Can't see this How do you flip it? Oh, I don't think it's going. Oh, what does this say? Okay. 01, Those The text I just never Read any about my green menards content. I mean, come on. No, that was not helpful So this is November 19th Um, yeah, give me one sec, so basically you're saying okay, it's splitting it out by month Um, but there's a couple of issues here One of them being, it's only doing that in the title, not in the actual duration. Now, what about on the planned hours? We're okay. Planned hours are okay.

7:23 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yep. That's the part that got it correctly, but the duration, yeah, it's not sure how to instruct on how to do it. Right.

7:33 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. One sec, so this goes to oh three oh one and then I'm like this has been signed It's have the contract as well So I don't understand what else we're saying anyone's that I'm Sam so sixteen thousand nine hundred dollars this It's 4 weeks to 4 weeks to CCNN. Glenn Rochester. November 25th. Silence. Silence. Just trying to sign something really quickly, but then I see issues and then I gotta bring it up with people. And then I can't sign it and then I gotta wait till you're back. All right, yeah, it's just- Just your regular Monday. Just a regular Monday, just your regular Monday. Well, of course, everybody just wants everything to just get signed in, like just move, move, but it's like, Yeah, but things can't move when they're not done, right so yeah Anyway, but um, okay, so I did that I'm gonna wait to back James on that and Raymond and then Look at what you got here Do me a favor, let's look Let's do the whole app real quick. Just so you can just show me how you're getting to that point with the retainer part.

13:43 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Peace.

13:46 - Unidentified Speaker
you.

15:25 - Bradley Foreman
Also, if you just scroll up, which selection did you make? OK, balanced and fast. So then another note would just be, it seems like it's maybe taking a little long to do the analysis. But that's OK. I don't want you to change anything there yet. But just let's make a note and we might want to investigate that because on the fast mode, it should probably be doing it pretty quickly. The other thing is I would say the SoundCloud is not a good one to do it for. So maybe actually, um, well, okay. I mean, we can do it for it. It's just, it's not a good one, but I can, we can see.

16:25 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Should we use the same?

16:29 - Bradley Foreman
Well, let's just try to get through this, uh, text extraction first. Okay. Is this how long it's normally been taken? Or that's what do you think? Yes.

16:44 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yeah, they're sometimes it's kind of good. But yeah, I got this one correctly now. Thankfully.

16:51 - Bradley Foreman
Okay, yeah, yeah, this this looks nice. Okay, so let's look at this top part. Okay. So only do okay, so you have a couple of selections here, which looks nice. And they could do only the TF IDF Let's just select the TF-IDF real quick, just so I can see. Okay, so one – hold on, hold on. Go up a little bit. Sorry. Oh, okay. Interesting that it says zero by both methods. That is strange. Also, I think the wording is probably incorrect, because see where it says both methods, right? And it says, uh, huh?

17:46 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yeah, we're going to need to show the IDF.

17:49 - Bradley Foreman
Yeah, yeah. But what I'm saying is, look at the wording under both methods. Look at the wording. Not there. Inside both methods. The wording inside both methods. Right, yeah So technically or Would mean that it could be either AI or TF IDF. We don't we don't know Because it just says it says both methods, but it says Either But the problem with it with it saying either is it says zero by both methods So my question then is, well, the wording is something is not right, because if it was saying or, then it would select probably, yeah, it would select probably anything that matches either of the above, which would probably mean potentially more deliverables. But if it was selecting both, then instead of saying or, it would say and, right? And I think it probably is doing an and situation because it says zero is the total deliverables, right? Yes. Um, but here's the question, which is. Okay. So it says selected 52 total deliverables, but then it says zero confidence. Okay. All right. Okay, so let's scroll down. Let's leave it a TF-IDF for now. Let's scroll down. This part, just a note, this isn't something that's like an urgency thing because all I want us to work on right now is the timing stuff. Just a note for after we get that done, we don't want to show a paragraph like this. So we want this paragraph stuff to come out in a more digestible way. That's all. So, however, we can, you know, maybe ask GPD Pro, hey, how could this paragraph be displayed in a more digestible way with the understanding that is being generated by this app and, you know, the framework and the AI connected to the app. So knowing that it's not going to look exactly like this every time, how can we make the app consistently, you know, visually display the summary, right? And I would leave the key deliverables part, that's good. Channels is good. Markets is good. Complexity is good. One issue obviously is for the AI to take as long as it did to make the analysis. Of course, we should be seeing channels. And we should also see markets. Um, you know, so we might just need to on the faster, I'm sure if we selected deep mode, those would be filled in because deep mode usually fills everything in really well. But I think on fast mode, we might just need to make sure, Hey, you know, make sure you get the market to the channel. So anyway, these are just notes for later after we fix. Yeah. Yes. The critical piece of the topic. Okay, let's keep going. Let's scroll down. Technically the smart selection thing that doesn't matter unless we want to well actually so here's an issue which is Now if we don't want to if we want to change the percentage of the TF IDF selection, how would we do that? Let's say we want to do only TF IDF, but we don't want to do the 70% You know in the top area That's gonna be that's it so click on strategy because that that's only gonna be the that's gonna be the Piece that's gonna be the AI percentage That smart selection is mapped to the percent of the AI Unless you change that but that that's always been the AI percentage Which is the confidence level? Yeah, so right now if you do do 60% everything that's over 60% for the AI percent which and the AI percent is simply the confidence that the AI has That the TF IDF is correct. So if it goes, oh, it's 100% match And then it goes, I'm 69% sure that this is true. It's only telling us how true it thinks the TF-IDF is. You know what I'm saying? The difference comes when we do deep, when we do the deep one, the deep one, I believe, if it still works the same way, which we should try, maybe try it in a different window, try deep on, you know, balanced, or maybe, no, different window, different window. Like Libra we have here, yeah. Try demote and then also click that balance piece. Click that. Let's see if... Let's just see if we were to click Mini, what would happen? Yeah, let's just see. Demote with Mini. I'm curious to see what's gonna happen. Click the same exact RFP. And let's see if there's any difference or what it looks like, Because I'm like, is it actually going to be deep if we do it this way? Or is it going to end up, you know, with something else? Anyway, let's go back to the other tab while this one's working. Okay, so what we want is so if you scroll up, Seth, um, Instead of having the smart select by relevancy and then also the multiple choice option at the top we just want and this is one issue that's happened as we're as we've been building this which is Additional pieces of the app get built that are not totally functional the right way but but then the old piece that they are basically meant to to Replace continues to exist as well. So we now have a more complicated app with an additional feature that doesn't exactly work So to scroll up to the top to the new feature, right? Okay, this auto select This is just an additional not fully baked step because what this should be offering us is We don't want a multiple choice here. We want an area where we could say, I want AI confidence selection at X percent. And then you could also tell it, I want TF-IDF percent at a certain percentage. You don't need a both methods selection piece, right? And so anytime you're doing it, let's just say if you type in TF-IDF, And you type it and then what you want to do is you want to say you're you want the minimum applicable percentage, right? So the same way you have it here, which says over or equal to right where it has the little you see right the little crocodile Yes, the mouth right the mouth and the line underneath. So we want to do the same thing except You the user put in what you want. So we erase that both methods piece because it should always Be looking at what you're typing in on both methods. We don't want to have a little selection multiple choice button We want to allow the user to input the figures, right? So it should say similar to how it does below in the original one. It should just have a blank area that says AI confidence only Or it just says it doesn't say only it just says AI confidence percentage right and then it says equal to or more than and We would put in the percent that we wanted to be equal to or more than and so we would say well We want the confidence to be at least equal 50% or more than right now if we want to only look at the Equal to or more than 50% and we don't care what the TF IDF similarity score is we could just put this similarity score to be zero and So what that should allow us to do is then click a button below that and say apply selection Right, and it should go. Okay. I'm now gonna search every single, you know deliverable and component to make sure that number one It has a confidence score of at least 50% or more. And then at the same time, it's going to go, okay, this has 50% or more. That's good. And then it's going to look at the TF-IDF score and it's going to go, what did the user input? And then it says, oh, the user input 0% equal to or more than, right? Which means anything, right? Any score equal to or more than zero, which means every single thing. So it means we're not going to. Reject any deliverable on the basis of the CFIDF score. We're only going to reject it on the basis of, is it below 50% confidence from the AI, right? Now, if we were like, no, no, we want to do anything that's equal to or above 50%, so we input, the user inputs 50%, right, into an empty field, in this area, next AI confidence, and then below that we say, well, we want the TF-IDF score to be at least equal to more, 60% right? Now it should be looking at both of those things and saying, okay, well, the confidence needs to be at least 50% or more, and the TF-IDF of the same item needs to be 60%. That's what we want this to do. Yeah, the way the way it is right now. It's it's not really functional Because you can't change the percentage and you also can't mix and match Across you know all the different components and deliverables What you want the TF IDF and the AI confidence score to be right? That's the whole purpose when I was explaining this that we want from this. So let's put that on the back burner for the moment but right now the unfortunate thing is we have that whole section up there which is not really functional because it's really not what we want or need it doesn't add anything right and then we have also as you scroll down right we have the not not that far but if you scroll a little bit up right we still have this smart select right this smart select is much more functional and usable because at least the user could go, Oh yeah, I want everything above a very specific percentage and they can, you know, put that in there. But we basically now have four different types of items of which the original is still the most useful by far. Um, does this make sense? So we don't want to do that kind of thing. We don't want to clutter up the app with things that are the same as before, but then less usable. Right. So. In the ideal world, we would get rid of this little area, right? Because this area will move up. On the other hand, what we could do is get rid of that other area, which is probably the better of the two, you know, to do, just get rid of the other area. And all you want to do is just add one more item right below this one. That way we're not cluttering with additional windows and such, you know, right. We just say, okay, well, we already have the relevancy piece here. That's the AI piece, which we could rename just to add maybe AI to the table here. So it's really clear to people. Right. And then right below that, we would just have TF IDF score and we would just make it clear, you know, that, Hey, whatever percent you're putting in You want the app to be selecting equal to or more than That that's all so we just want one extra line right below this one for TFIDM Percentage so the user can put that in okay, and then just get rid of that other whole module Okay, let's keep scrolling Okay So this stuff is all just a regular stuff right that we're used to You know, let's go ahead and apply the selection Now hold on one second now, this is another thing that is a little strange Right, which is number one is it says 14 deliverables, right? Now we scroll up to where it was really looking at the deliverables, right? Let's just say we look at the TF-IDF piece. That says 13, right? You see that?

32:30 - Bradley Foreman
Where it says 13?

32:33 - Bradley Foreman
Right. And then at the bottom, right, we selected something and it says 14. Right? See that? 13 deliverables. So there's, it's not, it's not right. There's something is wrong. And the other thing is that, um, if, if we were to use the smart select button, which we didn't do, right. But if we were to, if you scroll up again, okay. And we use this little smart select by relevancy button. Okay. Um, again. Let's look at what it says right 14 65 and 27 right so the first thing. I guess that we could say is that Number one that whole extra module that you built in It's still just actually looks like it's just using this smart thing It's just it's just you see I'm saying you just bypass All the other stuff, and it just did whatever was here. It just did the same thing with 14, but here's an issue now Click that button one more time. Let's see if it works one more time. Okay, copy this real quick. See this 146527, right? Okay, now let's scroll down to the next portion where we see... Yeah, okay. Yeah, a little bit further, a little bit further. Okay, here. Okay, so 14 numberables is correct. Believe, 65, is also correct. Correct, but tune in 61 task is 100% super wrong, right? Because So this is again sort of a big question Is like why so many doesn't select and why when we originally do it is in not selecting us those Right like how can tell us hey you got 14 deliverables and 65 components, and it does exactly that Right, but then it tells us. Hey, you've got only whatever. I don't know how many they'd say you know How many did say on these things the L2 test? Right which we don't which we know is probably too few but regardless regardless of whether it's too few or not, it should match, right? And it probably shouldn't be 261. Maybe it needs to because of the resourcing that's possible, but it probably shouldn't be quite that many. But it also shouldn't be quite zero. Okay, so this is a problem I brought up before that we need to look at. So, can you just make a note? On a grievances list. Okay, now let's keep going because I want you to show me what you actually brought me here to show me.

35:58 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
So, I'm going to save.

37:51 - Bradley Foreman
Okay, so let's yeah, let's look at this retainer piece right and this is another area that got really messy where You know we have this table right and then if you scroll down I assume there's still the other table right Is there another it's not the other table anymore the one where we can edit things Okay, all right well yeah, it's definitely better up here, but I would say say again, it's sort of like, you know, this another area where it's a little bit messy because we have this table and then below that we have a table that serves very similar function. Um, you know, we can remove this.

38:47 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Let's save run.

39:22 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. Now where, where does the process happen for the retainer part that we know? Okay. So what do you select in order for it to change the values we were just looking at? You select the monthly or what do you select? But wait, when we were just looking in the app and it goes like Month 1, month 2, month 3. How do you make it do that? Anything you select is going to break it into the month or what?

39:56 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yeah, anything I select will be updated monthly.

40:03 - Bradley Foreman
Okay, so it's going to number by month. Anything we select that is at any time period other than And yes, I don't know or anything other than one time anything Okay, okay, so Because then my other question would be Well, if we break it into quarterly, what's the difference between quarterly and semi-annual?

40:36 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
You know, I mean I haven't, but I bet they have.

40:46 - Bradley Foreman
And if you click monthly, what happens? Oh, it's just going to make it basically one time.

40:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

41:01 - Bradley Foreman
Which is confusing, so we have to fix that, I think. Anyway, we have to fix that. Yeah. Cause monthly really should be, again, we should be saying like monthly and then we should be saying the cadence. In other words, how many months? Cause right now we can't dictate how many months, right? Yes. Like if we need seven months, I don't think we could do it. Okay. Right. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So we need a column and the easy way here would just be, we need, I think I went through this in detail with you, but we need a column. I would just go back and see if we have the Read recording, hopefully for when we were discussing this, which I don't think was super long ago, maybe in the last two, three weeks. But You know, we just need a column that says how many units are we talking about? Right. And then. In the cadence period, we select the cadence period. So we could select, you know, semi-annually, and then we would select a unit of two, and semi-annual means six months. So two units of six means 12 months, right? Yes. But we're just going to see the payment per the selection Then we're gonna see a total up at the end, right? So we need a total column Remember, I'm feeling like I said all this already previously on another recording so maybe just They just see if you could find that recording because I'm pretty sure we went into a lot of detail on that And the problem is like with the way it is right now, it's we could we could make it perfect Terms of getting the dates right and then we change this bid and it throws everything off, right? So that that's my only concern Okay, so let's go back into the work from project And What else is right or wrong other than the retainer piece? Here.

43:25 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
That's the only part that I haven't figured out.

43:28 - Bradley Foreman
Okay, but let's, let's go through all the other ones. Why don't you walk me through them so we can confirm that, you know, they're working properly. How do we expect them to work? Talk me through each one.

44:00 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
like 48 hours into six days. It doesn't seem right to me. I'm not sure, but I think I would need help in doing a QA on this one. This one already goes one day already. When it's being computed. The predecessors are actually following it now for the previous component. For the planned revenue, it's already defaulting at 210 because I believe Russ said that the default is set at 210 WordPress.

45:08 - Bradley Foreman
Is it the same when you set it to that level in the app or no?

45:16 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yes, it's already the same.

45:17 - Bradley Foreman
So just like for these, Right, but I'm saying like is the total so in the app, what's the total in the app? Wasn't the grand total?

45:33 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
For this one, 240, 640, this one, 237,930. So there's still a discrepancy. Okay, so here's what I want to know.

45:48 - Bradley Foreman
to do, right, which is sort of what I keep asking myself is like, put a spreadsheet together, right? And then I want you to have all the QA side by side, right? Because it's not, we're not going to be able to get through this, doing this kind of QA over the phone like this, we got to go look at, you know, eight pieces of data, include and including that would be much better for GPT as well. To be able to analyze with us is say, okay, I did six RFPs and maybe I tried two different types of data that I input to the RFP. I did one with the selection of X percentage of confidence and another one with a different percentage of confidence, right? And then you do it the same way for all six RFPs, right? You with me so far? You, you save, right? Remember how we were talking about, I don't know if you're saving that data the way we were talking about, but you save that data the way we were talking about in the folders, right? And then you link to those documents in the spreadsheet where you're putting all the figures for the documents. Okay. And so the documents you're saying, okay, here's what I'm QA. Here are the deliverables, right? Here are the, you know, number of deliverables for the selection thing. Here's the number that came out in this. Here's the planned hours, you know, that it should have been. And so you do have to kind of figure out how to display that data. Now for me, again, as usual, you know, in the new world that we live I would suggest export this, right. And then after you add and try to export this as like a PDF or like even a print screen so that GPT could see how it looks in our primary view. And let's also document what view we're looking at it in. Are we looking at it in the PM view? I don't know. Like what view is this? Okay, so let's just document that, right? Again, in a document to say, Hey, I'm looking at this in the task setup deal, right? And maybe that's another thing is potentially we want to have maybe two different views just to make sure we're getting all the data that we need. You know, we're not missing any, anything that might show up in the different view that we go, Oh, I wish we'd known about that. Cause that's wrong. Right. So maybe we pick one other view, like the PM view, right. Or task financial, you know? Um, yeah, but anyway, I would definitely say we should definitely look at task financial, but probably, probably we want to do three, three views just to double check, which might be maybe do the project manager and financial, because maybe that has both. Maybe that's all in one. So we do task setup and then maybe project manager and financial. That could be good. So we do those two. So I'm doing this one with just the task financial, do the one. And if you go down to the bottom, can you select... No, no, on the right in the nav. Yeah, can you select just the one with the view and Yeah, that one case, not above. Yeah. Right. Okay. So I assume this is giving you the financial and the PM together, right?

49:49 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yes.

49:51 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. So maybe just double check with, with Ross, but as long as it is, then I would use this one and the task set up. And maybe those are the two different rows, you know, that you have just Or maybe you don't need two rows, but you know, I would say each of those should be you know shown unless like let's just say if the PM and the financial one has more data than the task setup one and just use PM and financial I don't know. I don't know which one has better data But we definitely want to make sure that the one that says project management and financial that should have any of any and all of the info in the task management one. So, ideally we want one view with all the important data. So, let's, let's compare. Okay. If you could just ask, but ask Ross, don't, don't do it on your own. Just ask Ross, because that way you can keep focusing on what you're doing. Ask Ross, just say, hey, could you just compare, is this one with the PM and the financials showing every single column in the task setup view? If not, Bradley asked if you could please do him a favor, just make sure any of the columns in the task setup view, not any, but all the columns in the task setup view are shown in the PM and financial view because we need that to be the case for QA and going forward until we all discuss if we want to change that. We can, but we need to discuss it first. So, for the first thing is make sure he's got all the Task set of columns and going in the project manager and financial view that we just selected Okay, but don't don't do anything on your own because I want you to keep focusing what you're doing. Okay, so Anyway, that'd be good to communicate to him and you can just copy that from the Read AI notes by the way You don't have to type anything right now. I'm just going to the Read AI after this just select copy and send Okay, so for this, what I would suggest to get a good spreadsheet going is, you know, download the data from the, for now, at least, from the project management and financial view. If you feel that it has all the necessary info from the task setup, I don't know, you have to make that decision. But whatever it is, or if it's both of them, take those downloads from WorkPoint, okay? And do it for two RFPs, I would say, okay? And then put the RFP documents, okay, plus the work from downloads, plus whatever the original export data you had from the app that we're building, and a PDF printout, I would say, of the app, right? So ideally you do four pieces the work front info Okay, which I would ideally say should be two pieces of data work front info is ideally two pieces of data like an excel Download right whatever from here csv, but then also see if you can get something that's more simple than that That's more or not more simple, but maybe more Like looks more similar to what it looks like right now. So if you could download a pdf and it shows things a little more how they look here, that's good too, right? And I would take that and get those two pieces of data. So CSV Excel file is one piece of data and then something that shows as similar as possible to what it looks like here. Okay, and those are your two pieces of data for work from then get the either the Excel file or whatever you think you know most appropriate um so maybe like the excel file the xml and then maybe a printed pdf of what the app was showing okay and then um I want you also to get the original rfp right so ideally we have like six pieces of data right the original rfp the you're submitting to the app, then you have the print PDF of the finished app, whatever it looked like when you exported it, which means you have to make sure you're using the app in a fully new window. Don't do it in the preview of the replant. Yes. And then also the Excel as well as the XML of the app. Right. And then the other two pieces of data would and work from which is going to be one of the like spreadsheet files, whatever you think is better, the CSV or the Excel download. Okay. And then also something that looks similar to this. So I don't know if they have a PDF or whatever, but those are the six pieces that I recommend. That way we have RFP, app builder and work from Okay. And then I would do that for two RFPs. Ideally That are a little bit different from each other Definitely include a retainer in one of them, but make sure if you're including it that it's correct Don't just click it just to click it. You know what I mean? Like click it if it reads like oh, there should be a retainer. Yes, then click it, right? But we definitely want one that has a retainer. So make sure you know select one with a retainer Then I want you to submit those six pieces of data from each of those RFP scenarios, right? So you should have ultimately about 12 pieces of data or so. Um, and if, by the way, it might cap you at like 10, don't remember how many files it caps you at, but just double check that maybe with GPT first before you submit for that. Um, and then submit those two scenarios with the supporting data to GPT, right? And say, Hey, I'm trying to create a QA process in a spreadsheet format for double checking. The info in coming into work from my app builder. Um, and so I'm comfortable and then explain what you're providing, right? I'm so in order to figure out in order for you to generate a spreadsheet for me so that I can properly track and QA different RFP scenarios, I'm submitting the following data. I'm submitting the original RFP that I put into my app builder. By the way, don't call it, yeah, make sure, just be careful about what you name it because it might interpret that, you know, and then I maybe say project builder app, right? And then I'm also giving you the info coming out of the project builder app, which I interact with. And then I'm also giving you the info in work run, which shows you how work run interprets the info that comes out of project builder. Right. Um, and then say, I need you dbt pro to come up with a, you know, nice sprint that allows me to, uh, all of the important points throughout this, uh, you know, throughout these projects. So I can understand. Oh, okay. Well, you know, here's an area that I need to talk about with my manager or with my team. Um, because this piece looks different than what we see in Project Builder or this or even if Project Builder and Workfront data look the same, I want you to allow me in some way to track things that don't look correct, i.e., you know, if there is a task that is being set up for, you know, deliverable that's being set up for days, again, this is all stuff you could paste into GPT. It straight from the readout and just clean it up a little bit. If there is a deliverable that's supposed to take 10 days and the tasks inside of that deliverable are not being spaced out properly in the duration or the planned hours don't look right, or the resource was not allocated, etc. I need, that's what I need, you know, to be in the spreadsheet in such a manner that I can easily enter, you know, multiple scenarios and have them QA'd. The other thing, Sep, I would say is, if this is, you know, if we can get this process to work, then instead going through things like this, we could just literally put the RFP in, get the RFP out, put it into work, download all that data, put it into GPT pro give the spreadsheet that it has developed and say, Hey, I need you to, you know, populate the data in the spreadsheet by QA this thing and tell me the things that, you know, you think are wrong and probably need to be updated in, you know, my app, so that the data can be showing more properly the way that it should be in project manager, you know, it for project management. Right. And then when we're on the phone, we just go, okay, well, you know, obviously you should QA the AI, right, and still look at the stuff, but then we should at least have a spreadsheet where we're populating the summary of the data, right? And going like, okay, well, you know, key pillars was a particular task that or brand positioning was particular deliverable that, you know, has some issues. What are the issues? On the one hand, brand positioning strategy is probably not just going to take six days. I mean, that's one thing I could tell you that's apart from the rest of this situation But that's probably too long The other thing is Let's see, okay $10,080 It's possible. I mean, I would see that's probably gonna be more than that, but maybe I can see that being for SoundCloud may be correct Let's keep going Because what else were you saying you were seeing was wrong like you were seeing some small discrepancies, right? Was that up in that area we were just looking at or no?

1:01:14 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
They seem shorter. I'm not sure if it's because the assignments are on their own. I'm not sure.

1:01:31 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. You got to speak a little more clearly for me, Seth. I'm losing you. Sorry. Let's just compare it precisely. Okay, like instead of saying it seems, tell me precisely, what are we looking at that's different that we need to potentially evaluate if we need to update it in the app, the way the app is generating?

1:01:55 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Because it seems to me that the app is already checking into the tasks on an individual level in their own assignments and they're not waiting for the other one to end just like before.

1:02:12 - Bradley Foreman
Okay, so there's a predecessor issue is what you're saying in the tasks, in the L2 task.

1:02:21 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yes, before. But now since they're no longer there for the task level, it shortened the duration significantly because it's not going to wait for the account manager to start before the creative director can. And so the designer, strategist and so on and so forth.

1:02:45 - Bradley Foreman
But are we saying that that is correct? Yes. What are we saying?

1:02:50 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Yes, this is correct now.

1:02:56 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. I mean, I think there are some situations in which, you know, we may see and this is again where yeah I would come into it it's like we would we would need especially to use the deep research tab which by the way let's click over to that other tab where we're doing the deep one this is the deep one yes okay so let's let's see what it what it said Should I click a smart selection for now?

1:04:41 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
I'm sorry. Thank you.

1:04:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:05:42 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. So where are we seeing the big issues other than the retainer piece? Let's just do a non-retainer. Do you have a non-retainer version that we can look at in Workfront? To evaluate.

1:05:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:06:01 - Bradley Foreman
Also in the meantime, just why don't we just take Dick five minutes real quick. Um, just to throw the, uh, GPT pro, um, that those documents can start evaluating. Yeah. And in the meantime, and then we can talk You know not in the not super distant future. So just just go ahead Let's take two different projects that you already have like saved with the info and just ask GBT, you know Hey, but he had a spreadsheet with QA of this and allow for You know and and understand tell GBT understand like we're gonna be submitting other You know stats of scenario documents to GBT to continue to fill the QA document out, the spreadsheet, we want a QA spreadsheet. So just to make sure that the spreadsheet is built in such a way, even if it's done in different tabs, which it could do, it could do a per project QA tab if it feels that that's the best scenario, but we want it to include a summary of the top items we should be looking at. That can include not only things that are different the RFP, the project builder, and the work front, but also things that maybe just simply specifically in work front it can see are wrong, or things specifically it can see are wrong both in app builder and work front, not just things that are wrong between project builder and work front. We wanted to really QA it to give us a full idea, and also to give us head start of like, I think we also wanted to have like a little suggestion area at the bottom of each QA tab, so that we have a little suggestion from it on like, hey, this might be what you want to focus on changing in the project builder app, etc. Because that could be part of what is, you know, ruining the data difference in Work for or it could be or if it thinks like it could be an XML conversion issue, you know That would be good and then I will set up the template and we can just run it You know on a couple of them, but I think give it real real quick give it, you know, the first couple data sheets Even if you don't have everything Seth just give it what you have, you know, so it can At least one, at least the RFP, at least one piece of data from Project Builder, and at least one piece of data from WordPrint, even if you don't have all five, you know, pieces. But we do ideally want to do always a print PDF alongside anything from Project Builder, because we want it to be able to understand what it actually looks like, What does that data look like that's getting generated in the Project Builder? Which, however, FYI, however, could create additional confusion. So, maybe the first thing is just showing it. Actually, that's okay. Well, let's just see what happens. So, why don't you take a couple minutes just to give it, you know, two different scenarios real quick to build, start working on that, because that maybe is going to you know 20 minutes or or who knows, you know for it to build a QA spreadsheet and stuff and Then we can view that And let's just make sure it's from the most recent, you know version of that Thanks.

1:13:57 - Joseph “Seph” Flores
Silence. Thank you.

1:34:32 - Unidentified Speaker
you.

1:35:06 - Bradley Foreman
Jeff, I'm going to jump in the Ops meet because I got to chat to Matt. So let me, let me know how it goes. And, um, and then I want us to meet with David because I think David is gonna assist in some of the QA process with us and he actually wanted to Build some sort of an app to like, you know, look well You don't know but he wanted to build some sort of an app to like look at websites With redesign opportunities. So like you have something completely different But I was kind of like well, you should probably just maybe work with us on this QA first because there's a lot you'll need to learn about the replit app so you don't waste a ton of time and you might as well help us with like the QA so we can get the current project builder app up to up to scratch so we can finish it and then you know you'll learn how we're using replit and then you know I'm saying to him then go and do you know the other app in replit that you want to do. But right now, if he does that, I'm like, he's going to ask me questions. He's going to ask you questions. And then it's just going to take time away from what we actually need to do. And the app that he wants to build is not an immediate need. It's not a request from Aaron or Sam. There's no immediate need. So I'm like, yeah, let's not focus on that right this minute. Learn it with us. Help us QA this and get through it. And then you know once that's done then you'll know a little more how to go about you know using replic for the bill You know He sent an invite yeah or Monday next week Oh for Monday next week. Okay. All right. That sounds good. Hold on. Was it did you put you and me on?

1:37:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, the three of us.

1:37:12 - Bradley Foreman
Okay. Okay. All right. Cool. Sounds good. All right. I'll talk to you a little later. Um, but let's keep, let's keep getting to the end with this. And, um, we don't, we don't want to build anything else out in the app, right? We want to, we want to make it more simple from a user interface standpoint. Right. So like, remember what we said about, you know, don't build that whole extra thing with the selections, just include the one extra line. And the other thing is, um, Anyway, yeah, so for now we can leave the other stuff that looks messy, but we really gotta We just we just gotta make this look right. So let's use GBD 5 Pro for now With the QA and then let's you and me meet and in a couple of hours before the end of the day So whatever that is like, you know, I don't know if I have five o'clock or 530 if I 530 if you could meet at 530 for 30 minutes We're like literally at the end of the year now. We have to get this working because I still need to update some of the database, but it's really not worth me updating the database until I know that the results, you know, coming out or correct. Okay. Right. Thanks.