putting alot of screenshots that show various problems, some you are  aware of such as the problem i was explicit about fixing with the WAY WAY too many deliverables that were never originally in the database and don't for the most part make much sense in the over 100 random deliverables cluttering up the strategy section #1 of step 2. we discussed that most of those items i.e. gen X and millenial all that type of random deliverable item you put here i don't know where it's coming from you shoul dhave approved all that with me but just simply fix it ensure that super specific items like that i.e. 'focused on a specific demographic' in the title of the item those are TASKS i.e. L2 Tasks, not components, and not deliverables. fix how you have all that organized on the backend and let me know how you fixed it. don't ever put overly specific name items such as that referencing a specific demographic of people in deliverables NOR components, that would always go into L2 Tasks. FIX. this is just one of the many many many things you need to fix. and this areaat the start of step 3 is STILL broken after i asked you over ten times to fix it. it does nothing the way it is. you NEED to fix it and redo it just redo this initial area:  it usually doesn't work at all. and as you can see i asked agent to move from one step to another and agent did not progress the user, me, from step 2 to step 3 for instance. agent needs to be able to understand to select items based on my ask and keep moving. each area should be very clearly labeled within the steps so that when user speaks to agent they can specifically reference each area. if a user uploads an RFP or document agent should ask - is that everything? if you say yes, it automatically starts going through each step and generates the XML download link and file for user at the end, and then says do you want me to rewind and focus on any step in particular? also include a little table of contents areas at bottom of agent window for each sections so user can skip to any section user wants or needs to. please also allow user to RESIZE the agent window. and put the charles group logo i gave you for agent not the magic ball you have currently. 